# masters-thesis
In the master’s thesis project at Indian Association for the Cultivation of Science, Kolkata, I am trying to develop Explicit forms of Adiabatic to Diabatic Transformation (ADT) equations have been devised for a coupled four-state electronic manifold in terms of ADT angles. The numerical instability originated from the singularity of Non-Adiabatic Coupling Terms (NACTs) is removed by using ADT matrices, which transform the adiabatic Schrödinger equation (SE) to its diabatic form. In this project, Pyridine Radical Cation (C5H5N+) is selectively chosen for demonstration of ADT equations for four coupled electronic states. We examine the NACTs among the lowest four electronic states of C5H5N+, in which many types of non-adiabatic interactions, i.e., Pseudo Jahn-Teller (PJT) interactions and accidental conical intersections (CIs), are prevailing. For the C5H5N+ cation, the Q11_Q12,Q5_Q16 and Q3_Q7 normal mode pairs is taken as the nuclear configuration space (CS) to investigate the utility of Beyond Born-Oppenheimer (BBO) equations for four coupled electronic states. Intense vibronic coupling prevailing within the low-lying four electronic states of this cation, namely in the Franck-Condon region, is the key mechanistic element for dictating the photoelectron spectrum. We have calculated ab initio adiabatic potential energy surfaces (PESs) and NACTs among the lowest four electronic states at the Complete Active Space Self-Consistent Field (CASSCF) level using the MOLPRO quantum chemistry package. Subsequently, ADT is carried out using those newly developed equations to validate the positions of the CIs, evaluate the ADT angles, and construct smooth, symmetric, and continuous diabatic PESs for the molecular system.
